FABERGÉ - STAGES

[A]
very active investigation of the broken shell transformed into investigation of
the jewelers' desk.

* broken shell (β): single pitch rapidly exchanged between piccolo,
  upperregister clarinet, bowed crotale, violin; together with va, vc harmonic
  tremolo on lower fundamentals filling out harmonic field; together with ff
  lowregister pf strike activating silently depressed harmonic field. ff
  lowregister pf strike descends stepwise during segment. harmony of silently
  depressed pf notes ascend stepwise during segment.

* broken shell (β) culmination: oboe doppeltrill. idea of coruscating climax
  given so early in the piece: doppeltrill is achieved but subject to a process
  of dynamic enveloping that makes the material recede and then draw back forth
  and then recede and then draw back forth and so on while other materials
  progress and overlap. culmination: oboe doppeltrill, lateral piano A0 scrape,
  no crotales, sustained piccolo, sustained clarinet, sustained lowregister vc
  note played extremely ponticello, sustained midregister vn, va pochissimo
  scratch pedal.

* jewelers' desk (γ): emergence of glowing bass flute multiphonics, emergence
  of glowing bass clarinet multiphonics, emergence of attackless lowregister
  marimba pedal, emergence of lowregister vc pedal. subsequent emergence of va
  midregister pochissimo scratch ppp pedal.

* intermittent golden gears (α): intermittent single strokes of white noise.
  intermittent shudders of pitches at beginning of single strokes of white
  noise. intermittent shudders of pitches at end of single strokes of white
  noise. stray occurrence of a single line with regular rhythmic figuration.

[A1]
initial lowregister piano attack (β) causing silently depressed midregister strings
to resonate. together with rhythmically regular va spazzolati (α) that will
later invoke the golden gears.

[A2]
pf (β) resonance continues. rapidly exchanged pitch between piccolo,
upperregister clarinet, violin touch-four harmonic, bowed crotale (β). piccolo,
cl, vn, crotale (β) sound continuously with rapid exponential enveloping
effecting exchange of energy. va, vc harmonic tremolo (ζ) on lower fundamentals
fill out harmonic field.

[A3]
subito piccolo, cl, vn fundamental, crotale (β) ppp. subito va, vc (ζ) harmonic
tremolo ppp. introduction of english horn (β) on a series of four trilled
pitches. english horn plays only during beginning of stage.

[A4]
english horn (β) tacet. piccolo, cl, vn fundamental, crotale (β) continue ppp.
va (ζ) harmonic tremolo continues ppp. lowregister vc pedal (γ) shines through
with mp < mf > mp dynamic swells on pure tone with vibrato pochissimo.

[A5]
piccolo, cl, vn touch-four harmonic, crotale (β) crescendo back to previous
forte dynamic. va (ζ) harmonic tremolo crescendos back to previous forte
dynamic. lowregister vc pedal (γ) transitions back to vc (ζ) harmonic tremolo.

[A6]
piccolo, cl, vn fundamental, crotale (β) subito ppp. va (ζ) harmonic tremolo
subito ppp. vc (ζ) harmonic tremolo transitions to lowregister vc pedal (γ)
that shines through with mp < mf > mp dynamic swells on pure tone with vibrato
pochissimo.

[A7]
trilled english horn (β) returns. piccolo, cl, vn fundamental, va, crotale (β)
continue ppp. va (ζ) harmonic tremolo continues ppp. lowregister vc (γ) pedal
decrescendos to pp but maintains pure tone with vibrato pochissimo.

[A8]
piccolo, cl, vn touch-four harmonic, crotale (β) crescendo back to previous
forte dynamic. va (ζ) crescendos back to previous forte dynamic. lowregister vc
(γ) continues pp with pure tone played vibrato pochissimo.

[A9]
upperregister clarinet (β) participates increasingly less in pitch exchange.
piccolo, vn, crotale (β) participate increasingly more in pitch exchange to
amplify attention while clarinet exits orchestration. vc (γ) underlayer
continues quietly beneath at the same time. clarinetist takes bass clarinet at
end of stage.

[A10]
piccolo, vn, va, crotale (β) subito ppp. lowregister vc, bcl (γ) shine through.

[A11]
piccolo, vn, va, crotale (β) crescendo back to previous forte dynamic.
upperregister clarinet no longer participates in (β). bcl, vc (γ) underlayer
continues quietly beneath at the same time.

[A12]
trilled english horn returns and interrupts piccolo, vn, crotale (β) at forte
dynamic. english horn exits at end of stage.

[A13]
piccolo (β) participates less and less in pitch exchange. vn, crotale (β)
participate even more in pitch exchange to increase attention while piccolo
exits orchestration. bcl, vc (γ) underlayer continues quietly beneath at the
same time. flutist takes bass flute at end of stage.

[A14]
rhythmic va spazzolati (α) shines through for a moment.

[A15]
vn, crotale (β) subito pp. lowregister bcl, vc (γ) shine through with pure tone
played vibrato pochissimo in mp < mf > mp dynamic swells.

[A16]
return to broken shell (β) now orchestrated as only violin touch-four harmonic
and bowed crotale with piccolo no longer participating. increased vn, crotale
acitivity pushes attention forward upon the departure of piccolo. va (ζ)
harmonic tremolo continues. underlayer (γ) of lowregister bcl, vc continues
quietly underneath increasing vn, crotale acitivity.

[A17]
rhythmic va spazzolati (α) allowed to shine through for just a moment. trilled
english horn (β) returns for a moment with even more presence. broken shell vn,
crotale (β) subito ppp. jewelers' desk bcl, vc (γ) subito ppp.

[A18]
vn, crotale (β) continue ppp. lowregister bfl, bcl, vc (γ) shine through with
mp < mf > mp dynamic swells.

[A19]
antepenultimate appearance of broken shell (β) in this segment: single ff
violin touch-four harmonic exponential crescendo timed exactly together with
single piercing bowed crotale and final ff pf strike used to activate silent
harmonic field. rhythmicized viola spazzolati (γ) allowed to run while radiance
of last broken shell (β) fades away. underlayer of jewelers' desk (γ)
crescendos steadily underneath while resonance of crotale and pf (β) field
decays.

[A20]
glowing chord of jewelers' desk (γ) now fully present. orchestrated as
lowregister bfl multiphonic, bcl multiphonic, attackless marimba pedal, vn, va,
vc.

[A21]
trilled english horn (β) returns with greatly increased activity. glowing
jewelers' desk (γ) continues underneath.

[A22]
reillumination of jewelers' desk (γ).

[A23]
trilled english horn (β) returns with greatly increased activity. glowing
jewelers' desk (γ) continues underneath.

[A24]
reillumination of jewelers' desk (γ).

[A25]
trilled english horn (β) reaches apotheosis at doppeltrill.
glowing jewelers' desk (γ) continues underneath.

[A26]
reillumination of jewelers' desk (γ).

[A27]
jewelers' desk (γ) continues. vn, va, vc (δ) dripping clb begin.